this is the real deal this is what
artists are truly all about and that is
why I am so proud of you
and baby you're bigger than fashion I
just want to say quickly before I round
up and give you the presentation you
know last year I was in New York we were
driving into Manhattan and it was a late
Friday night and there was a car was
driving by and it was packed full of
teenage girls and they were all singing
at the top of their lungs someone like
you and it was amazing and I said you
know what that is when you know that a
song has hit the entire globe many times
around and she did it she did it so
Adele it's with such pride and pleasure
that I give you this
thank you so much I think you're
incredible zifang's
um oh no no I've gotta be strong I'm
then when my first album came out I was
really proud of it it was really sudden
and I just finished college at the Brit
school and I know there was a piece you
for I didn't care about you speaking but
I think I'd have had bad posture oh and
I loved it and I was very excited and
very starstruck because I've always
followed you my mum's in huge fans who
always been a part of my life so thanks
for coming and giving that speech and
then Albert signed really quickly and
everyone who was there from day one is
at my table people that don't even work
with me anymore Nick Puckett and Dougie
Bruce thank you so much and but all the
critics I read my reviews on my first
album like a dickhead
you shouldn't do that any budding
artists don't read all the press about
use mistake and but the main thing was
that my songs weren't as good as my
voice which I really appreciated and I
took it on board and now I'm winning
songwriter of the year for my second
album so thank you very very much
for them just analyzing my songs like
that and making me really aware of
myself in a good way
not in the bad way it was you oh sorry
when for that I need to also thank my
manager Jonathan who and
just made me here ya gonna pen Dickens
PM has always gave me and given me
really brilliant music to listen to and
writers that I'd never heard of and he's
always been hard on me in a brilliant
where you know in making sure that I am
the best that I can be it's a thank you
and this award is going on your shelf
not mine because I would be know
wherever I am if it wasn't future